Write a MIPS assembly program for the following:


1. Check if the given positive number is odd or even.
2. Compute the factorial of a given positive number.
3. Check whether the given positive number is a palindrome or not.
4. Convert a given 32-bit binary number to its decimal equivalent.
5. Determine if a given integer is a perfect number. A perfect number is a positive integer that is equal to the sum of its proper divisors, excluding itself. For example, 6 is a perfect number because the sum of its proper divisors (1, 2, and 3) equals 6.
6. Check if a given number is an Armstrong number or not. [Example: Armstrong Number is 153 as (1*1*1) +(5*5*5) +(3*3*3) = 153.
7. Find the number of prime numbers and print them in a given range.
9. Find a given element (key) from the input array using a linear search.
10. Find the nth Fibonacci number for the given number n.
11. Perform an addition operation on two numbers, A and B. Where A is a signed number and B is the 2's complement of A.
12. Change the case (upper to lower and vice versa) of all the alphabets in a given string.

## Q1. Check if the given positive number is odd or even
```asm
.data
	prompt: .asciiz "Enter your number: "
	result: .asciiz "A result of 0 is even, 1 is odd: result = "
	
	odd: .asciiz "Is odd"
	even: .ascii "Is even"

.text
.globl main
main:
    # Get input value
    li $v0,4    # Print Prompt
    la $a0, prompt
    syscall

    li $v0, 5    # Retrieve input
    syscall
    move $s0, $v0
    
    # Check if odd or even
    addi $t0, $zero, 2    # Store 2 in $t0
    div $s0, $t0     # Divide input by 2
    mfhi $s1              # Save remainder in $s1
    
    # Print output        
    
    
    beq $s1 , $zero , Even    
    
    li $v0,4    # Print odd
    la $a0, odd
    syscall
    
    addi $v0, $zero, 10
    syscall
    
    Even:
    	li $v0,4    # Print even
    	la $a0, even
    	syscall
    	
    	addi $v0, $zero, 10
    	syscall
```

# Q2. Compute the factorial of a given positive number.



# Q3. Check whether the given positive number is a palindrome or not.

# Q4. Convert a given 32-bit binary number to its decimal equivalent.

# Q5. Determine if a given integer is a perfect number. A perfect number is a positive integer that is equal to the sum of its proper divisors, excluding itself. For example, 6 is a perfect number because the sum of its proper divisors (1, 2, and 3) equals 6.

# Q6. Check if a given number is an Armstrong number or not. [Example: Armstrong Number is 153 as (1*1*1) +(5*5*5) +(3*3*3) = 153.

# Q7. Find the number of prime numbers and print them in a given range.

# Q8. Find a given element (key) from the input array using a linear search.

# Q9. Find the nth Fibonacci number for the given number n.

# Q10. Perform an addition operation on two numbers, A and B. Where A is a signed number and B is the 2's complement of A.

# Q11. Change the case (upper to lower and vice versa) of all the alphabets in a given string.



